Hello everybody.
Welcome back.
In today's media we're going to quickly plot co-relation blood between all the features that we have
explore and the response people get.
So let's get started.
First we're going to use the data set to variable which has our original data set with all the three
columns that we didn't want explore.
Then we're going to write the core with method.
This is going to create a set of correlations within each of the columns and its argument its argument
of course is responsible which is what we want to analyze.
So they say that esign great.
So the next step is to actually plot the result.
So let's write all t and bar bisquits our bar chart and was given a couple of arguments.
The first argument of course is the figure size.
Now this depends on your screen.
For mine this is 20 and 10 is a good figure size.
Then we give it a title and the total is going to be of course correlation with esign because that's
the responsible design.
Then the fun size that we won for this title and other things is going to be 15 for my screen.
And the final two arguments are the rotation argument which is just so that I can read the columns better
the ticks or the x axis and finally the great argument which gives it a grid on the background.
So it's much easier on the eyes game.
So they should be pretty much what we need for blood in these correlations but so let's run it and see
what we get.
Excellent.
So there you go.
Now you can see the correlation but this blood is very interesting because it gives just a correlation
between the arguments and the response variable.
Now it is good to know that this is this correlation it is linear in nature.
So this may not be the actual correlations that are found.
Well we're running models that are not linear in nature like random Forres Superbike machines with Kerno
ICBMs for example are B.F..
So whenever we run models that aren't linear in nature then these relationships may not hold but is
still pretty nice to see how the relationships are when we compare all the columns.
OK so now let's start now just as a reminder of how this plan works the bigger the chart is the bigger
the relationship the bigger the bar the bigger the correlation of course.
Now if it's negative in nature that means that as the variable increases the likelihood of the response
will be positive decreases.
And if it's positive like this chart here when the variable increases the likelihood of the response
variable being positive increases.
So that's how it's related.
And here we go.
Age seems to be very powerfully correlated with the response variable being negative meaning that as
you grow older you are less likely to put up with entire onboarding process and get to the final stage.
The final screening.
OK.
And this unlike some of these other big bars home owner is negatively correlated with Simon in that
if you're a homeowner you're less likely to reach the final step of the process which I cannot explain
why but it's good to see income is positively correlated.
OK.
The next correlation is personal ACAM one which is negatively correlated.
This is something that is a little bit hard to understand because in the next step when we do our data
to engineering this is going to be removed and is going to be combined with this.
So maybe once we combine these two columns we can get a feature that we can understand a little bit
better.
Now the other big ones are these three charts right here.
Has that Amanda requested and rescore number one.
Meaning that either person has a debt like they owe money on their credit cards then they're more likely
to on board.
Again this the reasoning behind these conclusions are not sure yet we're not sure yet but this is good
to educators So how do distributions look the same for a man requested the most amount that you request
or more likely you are to put up with everything.
Richard the final step of the process.
And finally we see the rescore.
So as the initial rescore increases their relationship with the response variable increases.
Now this could be because we have not normalized our relationship yet none of these features are normal
as yet is going to be done in the data pre-processing part but it's good to keep in that in these here
and then the rest of the columns left are not that important it seems.
I mean they have some somewhat a correlation there.
All the risk cores and the external quality score from the marketplace but they're not two influential
things.
And finally last inquiries which is an inquiry that partner has had and the more inquiries you have
the less likely you are to reach the same process.
Okay.
Seems legit.
So let's jump into the correlation matrix in the next video and continue our exploration of the datasets.
Thank you very much for watching and see you next time.